---
layout: post
title: Serving with Strength
category: transcribed
excerpt: <p>Some reminiscences about my week at the Especially For Youth camp</p>
---

## Serving with Strength Throughout the World
### 1994 Especially for Youth

### Session 1 -- July 18-22, 1994
### Utah State University, Logan, Utah
### Session 1

Sam was there.
I had my scanner there. I found their channel. They figured it out. Remember that?

## I _do_ Remember That!
I just realized that the roster probably had the counselors' names. That might have made the story a little bit better.

Anyway, one of the nights, one of the counselors had their new PowerBook (I believe it was a 500-series). They were just playing with it and showing it off to the other counselors. I was jealous. (Not, like, sinfully envious, but, you know... I wanted one too.)

I had brought my police scanner and programmed in some Cache County frequencies. One night I was scanning around and I found the counselors talking on their walkie-talkies. I probably showed this off or bragged about it.

Whatever I did, the counselors got wind of it, and instead of getting mad or getting me in trouble, they put on a little show. A "radio play", if you will. The story was they were chasing some kids who were trying to escape from EFY. The main counselor guy was a climbing enthusiast. So it was funny when he precisely described the kind of rope he was using to rapel down the dorms to run after the imaginary escapees.

It was nice, because it was over the radio, so I had to be for me. It's possible it was for the other counselors - but I don't think so. He certainly wasn't doing it for any of the other youth, they didn't _have_ scanners. :P

Just after I shredded the documents that caused me to write this remenicsence down I realized that they might have had those counselors' names on them.
