---
layout: post
title: Journal
---
I have never been a big journal keeper. (Is that the same thing as a Journalist?) However, during my Mission I kept a journal at least a little more than I do now. I also wrote many, many letters. I’ve really enjoyed reading them; lots of things that I have totally forgotten. And not just mundane things – well, okay, they’re quite mundane, but they’re also interesting (at least to me).

I’d say, “for instance: one day I was walking along and…” But that defeats the purpose of keeping the journal. Doesn’t it? Maybe not. Well – I can just say, “go read some of my journal entries” or something.

At any rate – I’d like to write more stuff down. The truth is, I’d like to remember more things as well, but since that’s not going to happen, I’ll settle for writing the things down and reading them back later.

So – today: I didn’t get to work until after ten A.M. That’s pretty late, even by my standards. Let me back-track a little. One of the reasons I was late was that there was a huge accident on the freeway and they had blocked the freeway right at my exit and so everyone was backed up for a mile, maybe more. But that’s not really why I was late. I was late because I was trying to see something interesting.

I got a page (okay, fine, it was a text message (okay, fine, it was a twitter tweet forwarded to my phone)); the page said that there was a car driving the wrong way on the freeway and that it had collided with a semi-truck. As we were eating breakfast (we being Libby, Dottie, and me) I turned on my hand-held scanner and started listening to see if it was a false alarm.

It wasn’t. So I hurried and ate breakfast and got on the freeway (driving on a flat tire – but that’s a different story). I was looking for a plume of smoke out in the valley along the East Bench somewhere – but I never saw it.

I had already made up my mind to take Wasatch Blvd instead of the freeway. I got off of I-215 at 3300 So. At that point, there was no traffic on the freeway, so I was wondering again if this was a false alarm. Well – I guess the freeway just hadn’t had time to clog up. By the time I reached my destination at 6322 S 3000 E, Suite 150, the exit was (as I said) backed up for a mile or more.

I pulled into the UTA park-n-ride to see if I could see anything. The park-n-ride is a hundred feet or so above the adjacent road, but I still couldn’t see anything other than the long pile of cars exiting at 6200 S. So, I pulled out of the park-n-ride (maybe the wrong way) and decided to just head to work.

The West-/South-bound on-ramp was closed. Some poor state trooper almost got run over by someone who wasn’t paying attention (or who didn’t think that orange cones across four lanes of road were uninteresting and deserved to be driven over).

I went to the top of the parking structure just to see what else I could see (not much), when I ran into Dave Youngberg. He was doing the same thing I was (only he was doing it during a break from work whereas I was doing it before I even started working).

A fun time was had by all.

I have to go – I’m falling asleep. Other things that happened today:

1.	Conference call with [A South-American Airline] about a mobile app that check-in agents could use to help get the lines moving.

2.	Flat tire
