---
layout: post
title: How My Brain Works
---

<br />
### How My Brain Works
#### Or
### Why I Never Seem to Get Anything Done
<br />

1. My brother sends me a link to some interesting information about [Apple's GameplayKit](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/General/Conceptual/GameplayKit_Guide/index.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40015172-CH1-SW1)
2. I think, "Swift Playgrounds are a great way to just try out some code! I’ll just type this code into a playground."
3. I open a new playground and start typing
4. `NSViewController` class is undefined… Duh! These code examples are already out of date! `NSViewController` has probably been replaced by some new `UIViewHarnessor` or something.
5. (google, google, google…) maybe NSViewController is correct… I’ll just type some more and maybe the compiler will catch up (Xcode sux0rz!)
6. `Game()` is also undefined… what the???
7. Oh, it’s a whole project thing to download
8. I revise my folder hierarchy to fit my new worldview and prepare a place for downloaded code samples
9. Oh look! `README.md` - I _like_ Markdown!
10. Oh, I don’t have my markdown display add-on for Firefox on this machine
11. I download the add-on and open `README.md`
12. What the…? garbled characters?
13. I open `README.md` in Emacs
14. Oh, it’s a beautiful "right single quote" for the apostrophe.
15. Wait... Firefox should handle that...
16. (google, google, google) Oh, hamburger-menu > more > text encoding
17. Ah, yeah, switch from "Western" to "Unicode" that should...
18. What the...? This Markdown extension must be crap. Where’s the good one?
19. (google, google, google) I install the different markdown add-on - it doesn't even do what I expected
20. (google, google, google) `file -i` in Linux, `file -I` in macOS
21. `charset=utf-8` What the...?!
22. (google, google, google) [Markdown Viewer Webtext... Unicode... Byte Order Mark](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/markdown-viewer-webext/) "'Byte Order Mark?' Oh, hell!"
23. (google, google, google) `set-buffer-file-coding-system` = `C-x RET f` (google, google, google) `utf-8-with-signature`
24. Ahhhhh...
25. Now what was I working on?
