---
layout: post
title: My College-Days Linux Laptop
categories: linux, laptop, annecdote, tech
published: false
---

Back in the day, I decided to make a serious run at a career in tech - software development.

I figured I had better bite the bullet and get "a PC". Meaning, a non-Mac computer. So, I went shopping.

The first computer that I would call "mine" was a Macintosh PowerBook 520 that I got for an earlier run at college. I don't even think it was the color model. That was a cool machine, with its front-firing stereo speakers and touchpad. But it was severely limited. So this time I wanted a powerful machine.

I didn't really need raw computing power, but I wanted a CD-ROM drive and a floppy drive.
This was a long time ago, but even by then all computers included hard drives. I was happy to use a swappable device bay, but the laptop that I ended up getting had a hard-drive, a CD-ROM drive in a swappable bay **and** a full-time floppy disk drive. One review called it "three spindles." It was the IBM ThinkPad A20p with a terrific 15-inch screen at 1400x1050. Not "retina", but it was a beautiful screen.

I wouldn't dream of carrying around such an investment without a padded case or bag of some kind. I took it CompUSA, because I knew there would be plenty of bags that wouldn't hold it. It was huge. It turns out that they only had _one_ bag that could hold it. It was a Targus (natch.) with some kind of elastic suspension system. It bounced around pretty seriously if you had to carry it on your shoulder for a walk any more serious than from the parking lot to the building.

I tried a self-paced online learning library or something. 

I looked at some options, and it turned out that I had enough credits from Salt Lake Community College and Utah State University that the University of Utah would admit me as a _"transfer student"_. Which got me out of a few "general education" requirements and I didn't need to take any placement exams.

I was also accepted into the School of Computing to pursue a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science.
